All right
let's switch back over to our editor. Go to question from
and jump to handle submit.
Now since this form will also be used for edit question,
so in here we will not hit any endpoint instead
we will emit an event by saying this emit the
event name is going to be 'submitted'. Then we'll pass
an object containing the question title and body as
payload.
Now let's go to parent component
in this case create question page.
Here when we call question from component
we can listen to that event submitted.
So when submitted event fired
what are we gonna perform? Here we'll call create method.
So let's define this method in our script. Let's jump
to our script.
Here let's add methods property
in here let's define the create method.
This method will accept an argument data in this case.
In this method we are gonna hit our create question
endpoint by saying axios post forward slash
questions. Pass in data in the second argument
remember that we have set up create fresh
api token when working with passport.
So here we don't need to explicitly attach the access token. Here
let's chain in with then.
But for now we'll leave it blank.
Let's also chain in with catch to catch response error
and here let's console log the response error data for a while.
All right let's save all changes.
Now let's see how that look.
Here
let's leave the form empty, open the browser console
then hit this ask question button. Ups I get error unauthorized.
Okay
this occurred because I haven't log in.
So let me log in and come back here.
Okay let's leave the form empty
then hit this ask question button.
as you can see in the console
here we got the validation error messages in array.
We can grab that and show it in our form.
So back to our editor.
Now to show the validation error messages in our form here
we need to kind of send this error messages back
to our question form. But how can we do that?
Well for this situation I think it would be better to
use global event or event bus. So let's important
that on the top here.
Then here we can simply replace this console log
with event bus dot emit. So here if error occurred
we emit our event globally.
OK now we can listen to this event in question form.
So let's go to question form
and here
I think the best place to listen to the
error event is in mounted hook.
So let's call mounted
and here
we can listen to the error event by saying event bus on error.
In the second argument
we can use javascript arrow function errors arrow this errors equals errors.
So here we'll assign the error messages
from the parent to local errors variable.
Don't forget to important the event bus at the top here.
All right let's save all changes. Back to our browser
and reload.
Now it will leave the form empty and hit the ask question button.
Now the validation error messages appear on the form.
Awesome.
Now before we test this form with valid
question, let's do a couple of things.
Let's go back to our editor,
back to create question page.
Here in then method let's extract the data
then inside here we can instruct the vue router
to kind of redirect to all questions page.
We can do that by saying this router push
name questions.
Also we need to show the success
message by saying this toast success
data message success.
And the last thing that we could do is to use mark
down editor component in our question form.
So let's go back to a question form
here let's import the M Editor
then register it
by put it on components property.
All right now let's use this component in our template
let's wrap this text area
this invalid feedback
with M Editor.
Let's bind the body to body and give it a name
question body.
All right let's save all changes. Back
to our browser and reload.
As you can see now we have mark
down editor in our question form.
Let's hit the ask question button. OK
the error message still working as it was.
Now let me enter a valid question
let's hit the ask question button again. Great
the new question saves successfully and
it will bring us to all questions page.
But here I have a small issue
It's look like I forgot to remove this blade syntax.
So let me go to my editor. Go to question excerpt
so here
just remove this.
Save,
reload again. OK
awesome.
So now that we have two pages in our single page
application All questions page that display all questions
with pagination on the bottom, then we have ask question
page that allows us to create a new question.
All of this working smoothly and without
need to page reload. In next lesson
we're still working with question form, but we'll make
a small tweak to the form so that it can be used
to edit existing  question.
So you there.